goscript
========

**goscript** allows to use Go like if were a script language.

Internally, it compiles and links the script file whose executable is saved in
the subdirectory "*.go*", then it is run. If that executable does not exist or
its modified time is different than script's, then it's compiled again.

There is not obligation to use an extension, but if it's used then you could use
"*.go*" if you want syntax highlighting in your editor. Another extension to use
could be "*.gos*" (Go Script); see directory *misc* for "*.gos*" syntax in
editor *gedit*.

The use of Go scripts is especially useful:

+ During learning
+ For administration issues
+ Boot init of operating systems
+ Web developing; by example for the routing
+ Interfaces of database models


## Installation

	$ git clone git://github.com/kless/goscript.git
	$ cd goscript && ./Install.sh && cd -

Since the command *env* doesn't allow to pass any option to the interpreter,
then the solution has been to create a link in */usr/bin/goscript*. That link
is created when installing with *Install.sh*.


## Operating instructions

Insert in the head of the Go Script:

	#!/usr/bin/goscript

And set its executable bit:

	$ chmod +x file.go

An example of Go script:

	#!/usr/bin/goscript

	package main

	import (
		"fmt"
	)

	func main() {
		fmt.Println("Take it on the other side")
	}

### Use in shared filesystem

A special case is when there is any Go script into a shared filesystem with
access from a heterogeneous network. Then, there is to call the Go script from
your system so it can takes values about the system where is going to run:

	$ /usr/bin/goscript -shared /path/to/shared-fs/file.go


## Copyright and licensing

***Copyright 2010  The "goscript" Authors***  
See file AUTHORS and CONTRIBUTORS (if any).

Licensed under **Simplified BSD License**.  
See file LICENSE.


## Contact

To contact, send e-mail through [github][1].


## Known bugs

To reporting bugs, please login and create a new issue [here][2].


## Credits and acknowledgments

For credits, see file AUTHORS and CONTRIBUTORS (if any).


## ChangeLog

For changes between the commits, see the [commit history][3].


* * *
*Generated by [gowizard](http://github.com/kless/gowizard)*


[1]: https://github.com/kless
[2]: https://github.com/kless/goscript/issues
[3]: https://github.com/kless/goscript/commits/master

